Fix typos in CLI documentation (#80)
workarea-commerce/workarea: docs/source/cli.html.md

### Using an Apple Machine

> Installation on Mac OSX uses homebrew. If you do not have homebrew installed see <https://brew.sh/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation on macOS uses Homebrew. If you do not have Homebrew installed see <https://brew.sh/>
```

## Kibana

> The Workarea CLI allows you to connect to your application's Kibana instance using port forwarding. This gives you access to the Kibana ElasticSearch console and logstash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Workarea CLI allows you to connect to your application's Kibana instance using port forwarding. This gives you access to the Kibana dev tools (including Elasticsearch console) and Logstash.
```
